I'm glad she's so weary in two weeks
time most of the strangers in this
forest will be bear hunters exactly
[Music]
and it's so
to shoot guns and here to start a
revolution
there's a shot guns machine guns
handguns rifles construction parts guns
fishing bears construction fish guns for
kids
guns for women well it's hard enough for
probably a gun for a baby and it's just
such a weird cultural thing for me to
come into shop where all that weapon is
on show
he asks hunters know to shoot radio
collar bears
but it's not illegal every autumn dr.
Len Rogers worries about losing his
research animals the hunting season is a
time year we dread all year long every
time were with the bear we think this
could be the last time
will it get through another season can
we make plans for the future and every
shot we hear just really feel it in deep
inside of us Lynne and as assistant
suman's field tie on feed low ribbons so
hunters can clearly see these are
research bears Lynne's doing everything
he can on radio and in press to just
educate the public and educate the
hunters about his study bears but no
matter what he does at the end of the
day these bears aren't legally protected
and any one of them insured